---
title: "Line of Credit | Hunter Galloway"
description: "A line of credit is an arrangement between a lender and a borrower, wherein a borrower can access the loan any time with specific terms. Read more"
originalUrl: "/line-of-credit"
publishDate: "2018-06-24T09:35:20"
lastModified: "2020-09-28T21:23:08"
wordpressId: 7888
category: "guides"
subcategory: "line-of-credit"
featured: false
---

<h1>Line of Credit</h1>

<p>A line of credit is an arrangement between a lender and a borrower, wherein a borrower can access the loan any time as long as he or she does not spend more than the limit defined in an agreement.</p> <div class="appeal appeal_mobile" style="margin-top:15px;"> <div style="background: transparent"> <div class="appeal-row"> <a href="/are-you-actually-ready-to-buyyour-first-home/" class="appeal-btn question-next pum-trigger">Calculate if you are eligible for a loan</a> </div> </p></div> </p></div> <p>It is suitable for those who wish to refinance their mortgage and also have equity in their property. Normally, people apply for this loan facility to renovate their house. It works just like a credit card as it enables them to draw small amounts whenever they need it. However, the maximum amount you can withdraw is determined on the basis of equity in your house.</p> <p>You do not need a bank account with this loan. It is also called all-in-one home loans or all-in-one account because it allows you to manage your income and expenses directly from the loan account.</p> <h3></h3> <h3><strong>Benefits</strong></h3> <p>It is a great product for those who use their money carefully but also want flexibility. Here is a list of benefits it offers to the borrowers:</p> <ul> <li>A person does not have to get approval from a lender to withdraw if he or she stays within a credit limit. In fact, it enables you to withdraw large amounts without exceeding the limit</li> <li>The interest rate is much lower compared to what is charged on a credit card</li> <li>It allows you to easily access the funds via phone banking, internet banking, chequebooks, ATM, etc.</li> <li>It also allows you to consolidate all your loans, including auto loan, personal loan, and any other loan into a home loan</li> <li>It reduces the interest expense if you decrease the account balance and direct all the funds into the loan account</li> <li>Normally, the repayment is made every month. However, a borrower is not required to make any payment if he or she remains within the defined limit.</li> </ul> <p>It has a specific ‘draw period’ during which a person can make repayments modestly. However, as soon as the period expires, a borrower pays off the loan obligation aggressively. Although it has a certain degree of flexibility to make repayments, you should not go for it if you cannot afford higher interest rates compared to a standard variable rate loan.</p> <h3><strong>Risks</strong></h3> <p>Despite the freedom that comes with a line of credit, you have to maintain a proper budget to stay within the defined limits. Those who cannot make huge additional repayments in the loan account will struggle financially if they refinance their loan with a line of credit. The reason behind it is the high-interest cost that would exceed the savings made after you combine the accounts.</p> <p>Moreover, a line of credit home loan is an interest only product. It does not have defined terms. This makes the borrower decide when to make repayments on the principal amount, which can be a convenient option for some but disastrous for others. Therefore, in doing so, it is very important for you to manage your finances efficiently or else you won’t be able to pay off your debt.</p> <h3><strong>Lenders Offering Line of Credit</strong></h3> <p>Given below is a list of some lenders that are offering a line of credit in Australia</p> <ul> <li><strong>National Australia Bank</strong> – offers NAB Home Equity Line of Credit</li> <li><strong>Australia and New Zealand Banking Group</strong> – is offering various line of credit products to its customers, including Professional Benefits Equity Manager, Breakfree Equity Manager, Equity Manager, ANZ Portfolio Home Loan, and ANZ Portfolio Loan Equity Manager.</li> <li><strong>Suncorp Australia</strong> – has two line of credit products, Asset Line and Money Manager Asset Line</li> <li><strong> George Bank</strong> – is offering Portfolio Loan Variable Rate and Advantage Home Loan Package</li> <li><strong>Westpac</strong> – has two products, Equity Access Loan, and Premier Advantage Equity Access Loan</li> <li><strong>Commonwealth Bank of Australia </strong>– offers Line of Credit Residential Equity and MAV Package Line of Credit Residential Equity</li> </ul> <p>There are so many lenders in Australia that offer a line of credit. The fees and interest rates might vary from one lender to another, but almost every financial institution offers the same features like internet banking or ATM access.</p> <p>The line of credit is suitable for those people who do not have a fixed income, but they are able to make large repayments. If you can afford high-interest charge and want flexibility, this loan type is right for you.</p>
