---
title: "YouTube Disclaimer | Hunter Galloway"
description: "DISCLAIMER No Legal, Financial and Taxation advice &nbsp; The Listener acknowledges, consents and agrees that: • The Listener’s access to and viewing of"
originalUrl: "/youtube-disclaimer"
publishDate: "2022-05-17T10:54:40"
lastModified: "2022-05-17T10:54:40"
wordpressId: 67148
pageType: "legal"
---

<h1>YouTube Disclaimer</h1>

<h1>DISCLAIMER No Legal, Financial and Taxation advice</h1> <p>The Listener acknowledges, consents and agrees that:</p> <p>• The Listener’s access to and viewing of the content presented on the Channel is subject to this Disclaimer and you agree to be unconditionally bound by this Disclaimer.</p> <p>• Any information provided by us is conveyed as general information and for general information, educational or other non-advice related purposes only.</p> <p>• We have not taken the Listeners’ personal and financial circumstances into account when providing information.</p> <p>• We must not and have not provided legal, financial, investment and/ or taxation advice, recommendation, or guidance to the Listener.</p> <p>• The information provided by us must be verified by the Listener or an independent professional advisor including a legal, financial, taxation, accounting or other relevant advisor prior to the Listener acting or relying on the information.</p> <p>• The information may not be suitable or applicable to the Listener’s individual circumstances, needs, objectives or financial situation.</p> <p>• All information and content provided by us is given in good faith and has been derived from sources believed to be accurate. However, the information is selective and may not be verified by us. Information provided by us on this Channel may not be complete or accurate for your purposes and we make no representation or warranty of any kind as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided. It is general information only and should not be relied upon for any purpose.</p> <p>• We do not give any warranty of reliability or accuracy nor do we accept any responsibility arising in any other way including by reason of negligence for, errors in, or omissions from, the information on this Channel (whether under law, contracts, or torts) and we do not accept any liability for any expenses, losses or damages, however caused, directly and/ or indirectly as a result of any person relying on any information on this Channel or being unable to access this Channel. You expressly agree that your browsing of this Channel is entirely at your own risk.</p> <p>• We do not hold an Australian Financial Services Licence as defined by section 9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and we are not authorised to provide financial services to the Listener, and we have not provided financial services to the Listener.</p> <p>• You agree that Australian Law will govern this Disclaimer and the Channel. Any dispute arising out of, or in connection with the Channel will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts within Australia</p>
